Custome Pipelines (#744)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/using-diffusers/custom_pipelines.mdx

has only one such class.

Let's quickly define an example pipeline.

```python
import torch
from diffusers import DiffusionPipeline

class MyPipeline(DiffusionPipeline):
    def __init__(self, unet, scheduler):
        super().__init__()

    self.register_modules(unet=unet, scheduler=scheduler)

    @torch.no_grad()
    def __call__(self, batch_size: int = 1, num_inference_steps: int = 50):
        # Sample gaussian noise to begin loop
        image = torch.randn((batch_size, self.unet.in_channels, self.unet.sample_size, self.unet.sample_size))

    image = image.to(self.device)

    # set step values
    self.scheduler.set_timesteps(num_inference_steps)

    for t in self.progress_bar(self.scheduler.timesteps):
        # 1. predict noise model_output
        model_output = self.unet(image, t).sample

        # 2. predict previous mean of image x_t-1 and add variance depending on eta
        # eta corresponds to η in paper and should be between [0, 1]
        # do x_t -> x_t-1
        image = self.scheduler.step(model_output, t, image, eta).prev_sample

    image = (image / 2 + 0.5).clamp(0, 1)
    image = image.cpu().permute(0, 2, 3, 1).numpy()

    return image
```

> Now you can upload this short file under the name `pipeline.py` in your prefered model repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can upload this short file under the name `pipeline.py` in your preferred [model repository](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/models-uploading). For Stable Diffusion pipelines, you may also [join the community organisation for shared pipelines](https://huggingface.co/organizations/sd-diffusers-pipelines-library/share/BUPyDUuHcciGTOKaExlqtfFcyCZsVFdrjr) to upload yours.
```

> Finally, we can load the custom pipeline by passing the model repository name, *e.g.* `patrickvonplaten/my_custom_pipeline` along side the model repository from where we want to load the `unet` and `scheduler` components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, we can load the custom pipeline by passing the model repository name, *e.g.* `sd-diffusers-pipelines-library/my_custom_pipeline` alongside the model repository from where we want to load the `unet` and `scheduler` components.
```

Reviewer: Have the community pipeline org as the example

Author: Can you invite me to the repo so that I can transfer: https://huggingface.co/patrickvonplaten/my_custom_pipeline then?
